Section 1: Design and Development

Q1: Could you outline what you would consider to be the important considerations If you were
asked to develop a web application that could potentially be used by thousands of users?

Answer: - How heavyweight is the application and what does it do? This will help me determine the framework
I want to chose to have effective client side rendering.
- How is my organization laid out.
- What is the level of modularity I need to achieve, is it modular at a mid sized component level or is it
modular to an atomic level as in an "Atomic approach".
- What is the pool of users that the application is catering to? This would help me determine
stack of browsers that I am going to develop and test for and thus help me chose the various
preprocessors/ latest code patterns to adopt.
-what kind of build tools do I need.
-making sure it is SEO optimized
-making sure it is robust on the server side.

Q2:What techniques do you employ to keep up-to-date with the rapid pace of progress in the
field front-end development? How do you choose which technologies are worth taking the
time to learn more about?

Answer: I would categorize myself as one of those developers who scavenges the internet for any sources
which help with discussing coding problems and tricks. Collaborative learning from forums such as Medium,
and web conferences organized by a group that I am part of called "Tech Ladies", have helped me alot.
Apart from these I regularly looks through various coding trends through Code Pen and CSS Tricks.com.
Another resource that I use is Envato tuts. There are many discussions that help you see many aspects
of choosing a framework and tutorials for multiple new technologies.

Aside of these I actively take part in frequent "lunch and learn" sessions among colleagues to share and learn
any new technologies and hiccups in using them.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 2 - Deployment
Q1: Describe the approach you take in testing your applications.

Answer: Before the QA phase starts, post development of modular components , aside from writing out unit tests,
it is best to subject them through cross browser compatibility tests, cross device testing to check
for breakpoints. In terms of testing for performance,
I have found it useful to have relatable mock data (to avoid visual regression issues) and check
the response of image heavy page loads by making sure you have served scaled images. Most times
is helps in pushing you to rethink what you have/ have not cached and so helps , dependency on
any third party/external requests. Also, user events and the right response to those user events
need to be tested.

Q2: What do you value in a code base?

Answer: Well organized code is a developer's paradise. A few tips I keep in mind while coding and look for in
other code bases are:
- if you are repeating code , you are doing it wrong - Abstraction in conjunction with Modularity reduces complexity!
- if a new developer with minimal knowledge of the project were to get on board, will he understand my logic
structuring and flow of code?
- Follow the rules agreed upon at the inception - be it BEM-ification or SASS compliance or
verb-ifying functions, handling errors in the right manner, to just indentation.
- a few concise comments to help yourself and anyone else troubleshooting your code.
- it definitely helps to see new patterns which are web safe and help make use the features the chosen framework
offers. So I try to see if there I am using these patterns in my code too.
- lately, I have tried to make it a habit to code in ES6 since I started using React and have found there are so many
ES6 features which make life easy.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 3 - General
Q1: What do you find most exciting or interesting about working in the software development
field?

Answer: I like the fact that front-end development is all about tangible results. You see what you code
immediately. There is a new flavor of JavaScript every few months and most of them equally good with great features.
What I like most about this field is that in addition to bringing to life a fabulous design that is thought of by
a designer, it is the creativity of the developer to make it look and function right to make the entire visual experience
worth the time of a user. That I believe is a challenge and every component a developer builds right is a success in
completing this visual experience for the user.

Q2:In your career to date, what are you most proud of and why?

Answer: I think that in order to survive in this industry , one needs to be ready to learn everyday and continue to
be curious. I am proud of the fact that I wake up everyday being motivated by this curiousity. I love the work I do
in frontend and I am proud of my choice of career in this direction despite of facing difficulties in the start of it.
